little place it's sunny and warm all the
time with the most magnificent mountains
and the ocean and in some of the streams
they say they have to go have you ever
bought any yet no not yet but I'm gonna
keep on trying gold is very precious
can we really come visit you at bread oh
nothing to make me happier but that
really is up to your father
can we Baba what it is excuse me yes
everybody's worried about you your way
of trouble at the ironworks I heard two
Negros and six of our best men
threatened to walk white men fire what
fire the six and keep the two but that's
your responsibility not mine right come
here I want to show you something look
at this we were able to track been all
the way to Chicago from here in
Pittsburgh Canton Ohio - Columbus that's
where they saw him with a pierced
earring you remember that Jack I swear
to God I know it was Constance six days
later Pinkerton loses something Chicago
Josh stop it
you're obsessed please let me take the
children back to California with me just
for a while till it's over
don't you understand it'll never be over
well there's a madman running loose no
it'll never be over till you let it be
over vandal just keep going and going
until you stop chasing him because it's
what he wants
it's scaring me George
just think what it's doing to your
children to see you like this children
are safe here with me then you're
welcome to stay as long as you like but
where my business is concerned this
business you may not intrude
agent Jupiter Smith sir show him right
in I'm sorry to come unannounced but I'm
heading out west on the next train
thought you should have this report tell
me what's in it we picked up Ben's trail
again in a small farm in southern
Illinois he attacked a young woman there
sir she's alive but barely so much for
my obsession
we believe he's headed for st. Louis
next and from there who knows my bet is
he's after Charlie man